

0.0_master

Make a git repository and clone Bootstrap v4 from Github (don’t use version 3 as it doesn’t

contain a SASS compiler which is what we want to use). This master branch is your base

and will be reused in other assignments. Make sure that you compile your files after each

assignment into the /dist/ folder.



1.0_starter_kit

Make a branch named ‘1.0_starter_kit’ from the Master branch with the latest Bootstrap v4

version and build a fluid grid system. The page has to be responsive and contain a header,

navigation, sidebar, main section and footer.

For documentation about using Grunt or Sass read Getting Started.

After building a Bootstrap Grid system push your code into your Git repo.



1.1_prettify

Make a branch named ‘1.1_prettify’ from your ‘1.0_starter_kit’ and make your page pretty.

Reuse your fluid grid system code and search for an interesting article. Rebuild the page

with the Bootstrap Grid system using your article. It is important that you write your own

code. You need to use SASS for styling. The assignment is to make it pretty!

After building the pretty page push your code into your Git repo.



2.0_formality

Get started with building a form. Use your previous branch ‘1.0_starter_kit’ and build a

form. Use HTML, CSS, jQuery, Javascript, React or Angular to validate your form. You can

decide how many form fields you want to add. Don’t forget about input labels behaviour,

error handling and other form elements. Sending the form is not necessary but a nice to

have!

Some inspiration can be found here and here.

After building the form page push your code into your Git repo.



3.0_experimenting

DIY and build something awesome! Put everything you know into this assignment.

NOTE – Don’t make it too complex. We just want to see something creative, quirky or fun!

Please push your code into your Git repo and have a drink! You deserved it, well done!

Finished

Send us an email or call +31 20 550 6324.

NOTE – Did you compile all your files into the /dist/ folder?